Yang Tong
Boss, why are you here?
Haven't seen you these days
You had a good time
I'm the boss' watchdog.
I'll do whatever you want me to do
Go away
There is a man named Lin Wenli
Did I fight black boxing with you before?
Yes, he was picked up by Yan Ziqi
This little bitch is very talented
Before coming to black boxing
No fighting experience
It's very powerful
In this spirit gate
He's my stumbling block now
You know
What to do?
boss
Those who don't like it don't deserve to live in this world
How to burn loli legs
Don't bother you.
It's ready.
Yes, it is.
The 20th edition of Longcheng Collaborators is about to start
I want you to represent our international pavilion
Go to the competition
The teacher didn't tell me about it
It has nothing to do with me.
After all, the eldest lady is President Yan's biological daughter
He used to be my apprentice too
The reason why I cared more about him before
Did some bad behavior to you
Please don't let go of your heart
Please leave.
I want to train
This trick candidate ladder you
Do you want to learn?